README.md, before:

#Lightning Browser
#![](ic_launcher_small.png)
####Download
* [Download APK from here](https://github.com/anthonycr/Lightning-Browser/blob/master/BrowserActivity.apk?raw=true)

* [Download from Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=acr.browser.barebones)

* [Download the version with a new interface here](https://github.com/anthonycr/Lightning-Browser/blob/master/MainActivity.apk?raw=true)


####Features
* Bookmarks

* History

* Multiple Search Engines (Google, Bing, Yahoo, StartPage, DuckDuckGo, etc.)

* Incognito Mode

* Flash Support

* Privacy Aware

* HOLOYOLO

####Permissions Requested and Explained

* ````INTERNET````: For accessing the web

* ````WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE````: For downloading files from the browser

* ````READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE````: For downloading files from the browser

* ````ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION````: For sites like Google Maps, it is disabled by default in settings and displays a pop-up asking if a site may use your location when it is enabled

* ````READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS````: To synchronize history and bookmarks between the stock browser and Lightning

* ````WRITE_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS````: To synchronize history and bookmarks between the stock browser and Lightning

####The Code
* Please contribute code back if you can. The code isn't perfect.
* Please add translations/translation fixes as you see need
* Change ````FinalVariables.MAX_TABS```` from 5 to 100 to change the Lightning to the paid version
* Beware when using proguard while compiling. Some methods should not be obfuscated. Use the proguard settings file I provided for best results.

####License
````
Copyright 2014 A.C.R. Development
 
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
````
This means that you MUST provide attribution in your application to Lightning Browser for the use of this code. The way you can do this is to provide a separate screen in settings showing what open-source libraries and/or apps (this one) you used in your application

Commit message:

Changed License to MPL v. 2.0
I have changed the license of Lightning Browser to the Mozilla Public License. From now on, any changes merged into projects from this one, and any forks of this browser will be licensed under the MPL v2 license instead of the Apache License. You can read more about what the MPL license means at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/

README.md, after:

#Lightning Browser
#![](ic_launcher_small.png)
####Download
* [Download APK from here](https://github.com/anthonycr/Lightning-Browser/blob/master/BrowserActivity.apk?raw=true)

* [Download from Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=acr.browser.barebones)

* [Download the version with a new interface here](https://github.com/anthonycr/Lightning-Browser/blob/master/MainActivity.apk?raw=true)


####Features
* Bookmarks

* History

* Multiple Search Engines (Google, Bing, Yahoo, StartPage, DuckDuckGo, etc.)

* Incognito Mode

* Flash Support

* Privacy Aware

* HOLOYOLO

####Permissions Requested and Explained

* ````INTERNET````: For accessing the web

* ````WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE````: For downloading files from the browser

* ````READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE````: For downloading files from the browser

* ````ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION````: For sites like Google Maps, it is disabled by default in settings and displays a pop-up asking if a site may use your location when it is enabled

* ````READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS````: To synchronize history and bookmarks between the stock browser and Lightning

* ````WRITE_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS````: To synchronize history and bookmarks between the stock browser and Lightning

####The Code
* Please contribute code back if you can. The code isn't perfect.
* Please add translations/translation fixes as you see need
* Change ````FinalVariables.MAX_TABS```` from 5 to 100 to change the Lightning to the paid version
* Beware when using proguard while compiling. Some methods should not be obfuscated. Use the proguard settings file I provided for best results.

####License
````
Copyright 2014 Anthony Restaino

Lightning Browser

   This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the 
   Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL 
   was not distributed with this file, You can obtain one at 
   
   http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
````
This means that you MUST provide attribution in your application to Lightning Browser for the use of this code. The way you can do this is to provide a separate screen in settings showing what open-source libraries and/or apps (this one) you used in your application. You must also publish any changes you make to the code, basically meaning that you must open-source code derived from this one. The purpose of this is to encourage contribution back to the parent repository.
